Previously on The Affair...
Here she is.
The one that got away.
There's not a-a day
goes by where I don't
regret what happened in Paris.
- Don't fucking touch me!
- [slaps]
This wedding is gonna
be a fucking disaster.
What is it?
I cheated on Colin.
And I have to tell him. right?
He could give you a gallery.
Do you remember teaching a class
with a student named Audrey?
[Noah] Unfortunately. all that Audrey
has revealed here today
is how shockingly
unoriginal her inner life actually is.
Helen Solloway?
Eden Ellery. I-I was Noah's publicist.
I think they were sleeping together.
- [Sasha] When?
- [Helen] On his book tour.
[Petra] 'Cause Ellery mentioned
a party in the Hamptons.
You didn't pressure her
into sex that night?
Absolutely not.
[Petra] Are you sure?
[Noah] Yeah. I'm sure.
I-I remember the night very well.
Dad. what the fuck?!
[screams] Dad. get out!
Do you want subtitles for any video?
-=[ ai.OpenSubtitles.com ]=-
♪ I was screaming into the canyon ♪
♪ At the moment of my death ♪
♪ The echo I created ♪
♪ Outlasted my last breath ♪
♪ My voice it made an avalanche ♪
♪ And buried a man I never knew ♪
♪ And when he died. his widowed bride ♪
♪ Met your daddy and they made you ♪
♪ I have only one thing to do ♪
♪ And that's be the wave
that I am. and then ♪
♪ Sink back into the ocean ♪
♪ I have only one thing to do ♪
♪ And that's be the wave
that I am. and then ♪
♪ Sink back into the ocean ♪
♪ I have only one thing to do ♪
♪ And that's be the wave
that I am. and then ♪
♪ Sink back into the ocean.
sink back into the ocean ♪
♪ Sink back into the o... ♪
♪ Sink back into the ocean ♪
Sync and corrections by btsix
www.addic7ed.com
Um. we were already in mediation
by the time the book came
out. so I-I don't know.
You'll have to ask him that.
Well. it was mediation.
It doesn't get friendlier
than that. right?
Joint custody.
Okay. look. I... it's
great that you're writing
about Noah's book. but I really don't
have anything to say about our marriage.
Um. it-it ended a long time ago.
Yeah. No-no comment.
[phone clicks]
[quiet. somber music]
_
♪♪♪
Hey.
That took a while.
Yeah.
How'd you like Petra?
Did you know she was gonna call me?
No.
What did she want?
Sh... What'd you do with my wine?
Oh. I poured it out. I
thought you were done.
I hate when people do that.
It was pretty annoying. actually.
because she said she was
just fact-checking.
and then... she just started
asking me all these questions
about our divorce.
What did you say?
"No comment."
Thanks for doing that.
What is the article about. anyway?
I thought it was about your new book.
I have no fucking idea.
The publisher pitched it to
me as a redemption story.
You know. my new book and the
movie and how I'd made good.
Now. suddenly. Petra's digging
around looking for skeletons
like it's some tabloid piece.
I mean. honestly. I'm starting to regret
I agreed to be interviewed
in the first place.
Is she finding any skeletons?
Well. nothing about weddings in Montauk.
if that's what you mean.
And she never will.
[sighs softly]
She asked a lot of questions
about your dating history.
- That's what I mean.
- But why would she care?
I don't know.
Is it... I mean. it's not...
turning into some kind
of #MeToo story. is it?
No.
And even if it is. Gottlief
says he can kill it.
You've been talking to Gottlief?
Well. I just wanted to
make sure I'm prepared.
You just said there was
nothing to worry about.
There isn't. but. you know.
this day and age. things have a tendency
- to spiral out of control.
- Okay. well. why don't you
just tell me exactly what's going on.
- Nothing. Like I said.
- Because. if this is
gonna affect me or the
kids. I have to know.
I mean. I have to know.
We've just... we've
been through too much.
I'm handling it. okay. Helen?
Gottlief. my agent. my publisher.
they've all dealt with these
things a thousand times.
This is what they do now.
It's gonna be fine. Okay?
[quiet. atmospheric music]
♪♪♪
Okay.
I. uh... I have a walkthrough
of a house tomorrow
with my new boss. so I
need to get some sleep.
Can you lock the door when you go?
Okay.
♪♪♪
_
[sighs]
[food sizzling]
[phone chimes]
[phone clicking]
Hey. what's this?
- [Stacey] I know.
- Hey.
[Stacey] We came down. and he had
the whole mise en place raring to go.
Okay. Top Chef. Noah. what's going on?
Yeah. I was heading out. but. uh.
the winds were pretty intense.
and I'm exhausted.
I'm on... still on Eastern time.
I didn't want to bother you.
You said you needed some rest.
Can I get some coffee?
Do you drink coffee now?
- [Helen] No.
- [Trevor] Mm-hmm.
[Noah and Helen] No.
- [Eddie coos]
- [Sierra] Hey.
Hey. Uh. how'd you sleep?
Too well. actually. Woke up in a panic
'cause it was light out and he
was still asleep. Thank you.
Um. are you sure it's okay if we stay
a couple more days?
I feel like. if I can keep this up.
like. this normal feeling.
maybe I can find a lawyer
- to help me with CPS.
- [phone chimes]
[Helen] Uh. yeah. sure. you can...
you stay as long as you
want. Is that news?
No. No. no.
No. there's just a brush
fire near the Getty.
Okay.
All right. Come on. guys.
Let's go. You're late.
Right.
Hey. are you gonna be
here when I get back?
No. I'll just. uh.
clean up and head out.
Okay.
[water running]
[gentle music]
♪♪♪
[indistinct chatter]
[quiet. suspenseful music]
♪♪♪
All right. you know what. you guys?
How about we blow off school today?
Go to the movies or-or the beach?
Uh. sorry. Mom. We've got auditions
for the spring show today. Camelot.
[Stacey] Geometry test.
Um. rain check?
Yeah. sure.
[Stacey] Bye. Mom. Have a good day.
- Wish me luck.
- [Helen] Good luck.
Hi. Um. my kids' father
went through the same thing last year.
We found an amazing
crisis management team.
So just call me. I'll tell you
everything you need to know.
Okay?
[quiet. suspenseful music]
♪♪♪
[engine revving]
[phone beeps]
Siri. call Noah.
[Noah] It's a complete
hatchet job. Helen.
Everything in that article
was taken out of context.
Well. r-read it to me.
I'm not sure that's a great
idea while you're driving.
Well. the traffic is insane.
I'm not going anywhere.
so please read it.
[sighs] "Can this man be redeemed?"
That's over a picture of my mug shot.
and then: "With a highly
anticipated new novel
and a glitzy Hollywood adaptation
of his best-selling
last book in the works.
Noah Solloway is poised for a comeback.
But in today's climate.
does a man like him
actually deserve one?"
See. from the start. that premise
is completely misleading.
I went to prison for a hit-and-run.
not sexual harassment;
it's unethical journalism.
[quietly] Oh. my God. I'm
gonna fucking kill you.
What did you say?
Nothing. Just nothing.
Go on.
"Over the course of my
reporting on Solloway.
six women. three of whom
wish to remain anonymous...
- What?!
- ...came forward to describe a pattern
- [sirens approaching]
- Ranging from inappropriate comments
to unwanted advances to emotionally..."
[fire truck horn honks]
Ugh. Jesus. Noah. All right. stop.
Wait. just stop. Stop talking. Wait.
[sirens fade in distance]
[quiet. somber music]
♪♪♪
How could you not have known?
- Noah?
- [sighs] Gottlief said he could get
the women to retract their stories.
So you did know.
And you lied to me.
I asked you point-blank. "Was
this was a #MeToo story?"
and you said no.
Uh. it should not be this
hard to tell the truth. Noah.
It just... it just shouldn't be.
I'm sorry. Helen.
Just keep reading.
"'The relationship between a
book publicist and client
is. by necessity. intimate.
During a book tour.
you spend an extraordinary
amount of time together.
On flights. in hotels.
He started making
inappropriate comments.
[sighs] and then. on a
number of occasions.
he tried to persuade
me to sleep with him.'
Ellery describes an incident
at Williams College:
'Noah had punched out the
school newspaper's book critic
for giving Descent a bad review.'"
- Okay. Wait a minute.
- [engine stops]
Did this really happen?
Did you punch a kid?
No. no. He was. like. 22. and
he absolutely deserved it.
"'The story was going viral.
We needed to strategize about
how to run interference.
and Noah insisted his hotel
room was the only place
- private enough to talk.'"
- Great.
"'When I arrived. I could tell
immediately that he was drunk.
He pulled me into his
room. started kissing me.
- groping me.'"
- Seriously?
Helen. this is not what happened.
- She was throwing herself at me.
- Great.
[sighs] Shit. I lost my place.
Just give me the fucking thing.
I didn't sleep with her. Helen.
I know it sounds crazy. but
I think she's doing this
- as some kind of revenge.
- Yeah. that does sound crazy.
[phone chiming]
Now my agent is saying I-I
should release a statement
saying that I respect women and
apologize to those I hurt.
- Great. Do that.
- Yeah. but my publisher's
threatening to exercise a
morality clause in my contract.
- A morality clause?
- Yeah.
And not publish my book
if all this negative
publicity continues.
Oh. my God. What are they waiting for?
And then Gottlief says I
shouldn't do anything.
because he thinks there's
potential for a civil suit.
What should I do?
I don't know!
[ringtone playing]
Just shut off your phone!
It's not mine. It's yours.
Shit.
It's my boss.
Amy. hi.
Um. yeah. I might just be
running a teeny bit late.
But...
Why's that?
Oh.
Yeah. No. he is... he is my...
uh. my ex-husband.
Okay. makes sense.
Thanks. You. too.
[phone clicks]
[clicks tongue] Well. that's a record.
I got fired before I started my job.
[sighs]
'Cause of me?
[Sierra] Hi.
Hi.
Everything okay?
Yeah. it's fine.
[phone ringing]
Fuck. it's the kids' school.
Hello?
Yeah.
He did what?
Sure. Yeah. I'll-I'll...
I'll come right over.
Soon as I can. Thanks.
Trevor got in a fight.
- Oh. my God. Is he okay?
- They didn't give any detail.
They just told me to
come and pick him up.
No. I'm going.
Yeah. Helen. the school called me.
Yes. because it was probably your fault.
Please. That may be true. but
it's really important to me
to get to him. to talk
to him. to explain.
Well. that's not happening.
[slow. somber music]
♪♪♪
[siren wailing faintly in distance]
I'm sorry about the job.
I worked my ass off for that job.
I didn't go to Montauk to
plan my daughter's wedding
to get that job.
Do you know how painful that was for me?
But doesn't matter. really.
'cause you know what?
No matter how hard I work.
you always manage to find
a way to fuck my shit up.
- I said I was sorry.
- Well. if you want to apologize.
why don't you start with those women?
How can I apologize. Helen.
when I didn't do anything?
Oh. really? So they're all lying?
- Why would they do that?
- I don't know.
That's what I'm trying to figure out.
Oh. so you didn't sleep
with the student teacher?
It was... it was consensual.
Oh. except you were her boss!
So maybe it didn't feel
consensual to her.
[groans] And what about Eden?
She came to my room. uninvited.
and we made out for maybe
fucking one minute. That was it.
But why did you let her in?
Did you think maybe that
might have been a bad idea?
- Because I was drunk.
- Well. whose fault is that?
- Yours. actually! Yes.
- What?
Earlier in the night. we went out.
As usual. you were drinking like a fish.
You got me shit-faced. That
was why I didn't kick her out
- immediately!
- Are you seriously trying
to turn this around on me?
Your inability to take responsibility
for your actions is pathological.
- Oh. really? Really?!
- Yeah. Yeah.
Well. maybe 'cause I'm so busy
taking responsibility for yours!
Oh. my God. Fuck you!
[slow. somber music]
♪♪♪
I've done time for a crime I
didn't commit already. Helen.
I'm not doing it again.
[siren wailing in distance]
[indistinct police radio chatter]
[horns honking]
- Excuse me. What's going on?
- They're shutting down Sunset
to help with evacuations off the 405.
You got to pull off
here and turn around.
No. I have to go to Brentwood
to get my kids at school.
What do you mean? I have to get through.
They're about to start
evacuating the schools
- in Brentwood anyway.
- Well. if they're evacuating
the schools. then I really
need to get through
so I can. you know.
evacuate my children.
Ma'am. I can't let you through.
Dude. what the fuck is your problem?
- Helen.
- My kids are over there.
- Helen. Helen. this is...
- I have to go get them.
This isn't helping. Come on.
We'll figure something else out.
I'm sorry. okay? I am.
Let's just go.
Can you call Trevor?
Voice mail.
- Fuck. Stacey. too.
- What?
Do we know anyone on the
Westside who could pick 'em up?
Um...
Yeah.
Uh. Brooklyn's mom.
[line ringing]
Good idea.
Um. I'll pack a bag for the kids
in case we can't get back over here.
Can you call Whitney. see
what's up with her flight?
Yeah. I'll check in with Martin. too.
- [Eddie fussing]
- [Priya talking playfully]
Priya.
Oh. hi.
Isn't he the most beautiful
baby you've ever seen?
Yeah... he is beautiful.
yeah. Where's Sierra?
- [phone ringing]
- Sierra is packing.
- Hi.
- [Noah] Hello?
- Um. sorry.
Uh. it was starting to
smell like smoke up here.
I wanted to get Eddie out of the hills.
I didn't want to bother you guys.
'cause you seemed kind of
busy. so I called Priya.
- Oh.
- [Priya] They're going to stay
with Abdul and me until
the smoke clears.
For as long as they like.
The boy should get to
know his grandparents.
Thank you.
Mm-hmm. I'll wait outside.
Okay. Be safe.
[sirens wailing. helicopters
whirring in distance]
[door closes]
What's wrong?
Uh. they're changing
the name of my movie.
Who is?
The producers of Descent. They're...
They're changing the
title to something else.
and they're offering me a buyout
to take my name off the credits.
So... they're erasing
me from my own story.
I'm sorry.
[ringtone playing]
It's Lauren.
Hey. Lauren. what's...
What do you mean?
Well. where did they go? I... Yeah.
Okay. I gotta... Yeah. Of course.
Uh. bye.
Um. Trevor and Stacey weren't at school.
What? Where are they?
I don't know. Brooklyn said
someone else picked them up.
but he doesn't know who.
Okay. I'll call Trevor. you call Stacey.
[line ringing]
- It's just a voice mail.
- It's just ringing.
I don't understand. Where would they go?
The school wouldn't
have let them just go.
Well. they're teenagers. They
can go when they want to go.
I don't... I don't un... I
mean. no one's texted me.
Anyone else who could
have picked them up?
I don't know. I mean. I-I-I don't...
I have this. um... the-the
tracking app thingy.
I don't... Can you do that?
- Let me see.
- I've never used it.
- Okay. it's finding Trevor.
- Okay.
That's weird.
- What is?
- Why is he in Malibu?
- Oh. my God.
- What?
They're at Sasha's.
I mean. what the fuck?
[phone clicking]
[line ringing]
Hi. Do you have my kids?
[phone ringing]
No. I don't want to FaceTime.
I don't want to FaceTime.
Hey. hey. I just want you to
see that your kids are fine.
They're happy. safe.
Look. Hey. kids. say hi to your mother.
Hi. guys.
- Look. Sasha.
- Yes?
You cannot just get my fucking
kids without telling me.
I tried calling you.
but your phone kept going
straight to voice mail.
Listen. the city's gridlocked.
and-and I'm sending over a helicopter.
You're sending a helicopter where?
To get you.
Yeah. I've-I've checked
it with my security guys.
There's a landing pad just up the...
the hill from your house.
Yeah. I can't... I can't do that.
I have a house full of people.
[laughs] Of course you do.
What else is new? So. who's there?
Perhaps we can squeeze them in. too.
Go. Be with the kids.
- Is that Noah?
- Yes!
What the fuck is he doing there?
Helen. have you... have
you watched the news?
Have you seen what
he's being accused of?
Yeah. that's why he's here. Sasha.
so we can figure out how
to deal with our children.
I just told you. your kids are fine.
Okay? They're doing great.
But if you rather want to stay there
and help your ex-husband
deal with the fact that
he's just made a fool
of your whole family.
that's your choice.
The helicopter will be
there in 20 minutes.
I suggest you get on it.
[phone beeps]
You should go.
What about you?
I'll be okay. I'm gonna
keep trying Whitney.
Maybe I'll just go to
the airport and wait.
I've got her flight number somewhere.
I think I should talk to her
in person when she lands.
She probably has a lot of questions.
Thank you.
For what?
For this morning. today.
All I did was yell at you.
[quiet. gentle music]
♪♪♪
You're such a great mother. Helen.
We've got four great kids. and...
I know it's not because of me.
I'm very grateful.
[helicopter whirring]
[somber music]
♪♪♪
[door closes]
[newswoman] There are several
major fires blanketing
the stretch between Westwood
and Ventura County.
Helicopters are still trying to get
these wildfires under control
and they continue to drop
gallons of water and retardant
onto the fires. Uh...
Hey. guys. You okay?
We're fine.
Trevor. let me see.
What happened? Trevor.
Apparently. Brooklyn said
some shit about Dad.
Trevor hit him. and he hit Trevor back.
Honey. I'm so sorry.
Yeah. well. it's not your fault
Dad fucks everything up.
[Sasha] Who's hungry?
Hey. Helen. you made it.
- Hey.
- Great.
- Trevor. can you take this?
- Yeah.
- Talk to you for a second?
- Sure.
[sighs]
Listen... I'm really sorry
that I just went and got
your kids like that.
But the truth is that Trevor
called me and told me
that Noah was at your house
and that he didn't want to see him.
So he asked me to come
and get him and Stacey.
Really?
Yeah. And I didn't want to
tell you over the phone.
And I'm also sorry about last night.
I-I-I was exhausted. and...
Listen. I... I love you.
But sometimes it frightens
me how big your world is.
And it's not you who
should change; it's me.
And-and... and that is
why I-I-I did what I did
and went and got your kids.
'cause that is exactly
the sort of thing that
you would have done.
Well. I'm sorry. too.
[whispers] Yeah. okay.
- Glass of wine?
- Yeah. please.
All right.
[newsman] Audrey Nelson
is one of the women
accusing Solloway.
We caught up with her this morning
at the annual Women in Media Breakfast.
Yes. I was in his
creative writing seminar
my sophomore year at Livingston.
[newswoman] Do you have a comment
about the very damning article
that came out this morning
concerning his behavior toward women?
[Audrey] All I will say is that
it's always terrifying
to speak out against powerful men.
especially if you have
been traumatized yourself.
But I have been
very encouraged by the sisterhood
I've experienced here
today and on Twitter.
and I just think it's-it's so important
that we continue to support
and believe each other.
because clearly there are men out there
- who just truly hate women.
- Okay.
You guys. that's enough.
That's enough of this.
Give me that. please.
Just give it to me.
[Stacey] That woman's a publicity whore.
She's gonna be on The Talk tomorrow.
She's just trying to sell books.
Yeah. sure. Stacey.
she's making it all up.
That's what these men say.
They say Dad's the real victim here.
Oh. Stacey. please. no.
But she's lying. Mom. isn't she?
- [ringtone playing]
- Dad doesn't hate women.
Hold on. This might be Whitney.
Hello?
How did you get this number?
No. no comment.
I'll be right back.
Stacey. get off that site.
[quiet. tense music]
[Sasha] No. No. no. no. I-I hear you.
Yeah. Listen. you're doing a great job.
Well. the title's a great start.
Now we just have to bring it home
and-and get the tosspot's
name off it entirely.
[sighs]
Um. I-I'm gonna call you back.
My mum says hi.
Do you think this is funny?
[sighs] Hey. I'm-I'm sorry
you had to hear that.
I'm... I'm sure that sounded coarse.
but I've been on the phone all day
trying to navigate
what these accusations
against Noah mean for my movie.
He's really put us all
in a terrible situation.
I just got a call from
the New York Post.
- They wanted a quote.
- Mm-hmm. What'd you say?
I said. "No comment."
Okay.
I mean. how did they get my number?
[scoffs] Welcome to my world.
Just wait till they start
stalking you at home.
Listen. I've found that
if you don't respond.
it just gets worse. so put
out a short statement
asking for privacy for
you and your kids.
[sighs]
The best thing you can do right now
is to distance them from their father.
I can't do that.
It would break Noah's heart.
[scoffs] Sure. yeah.
And what's really important
here is to protect
Noah's feelings at all costs. right?
You said you were making me a drink?
[Stacey] Mom.
What's up. Stace? You okay?
Listen.
[shakily] "I met Noah Solloway
on the set of Descent.
where I'm the script supervisor.
He seemed like a gentleman.
one of the few I've
met in this business.
Or so I thought.
Until a party one night
where he kissed me.
then took off my clothes.
ran away with them and left me there.
- naked and terrified."
- Stacey.
- Give me that.
- No!
[crying] "I was outside in the dark
at a Halloween party for children.
I couldn't go anywhere.
It was freezing.
A cater waiter finally
came to my rescue.
Noah Solloway gets off
on humiliating women."
[sobs softly]
Can I take that. please?
[slow. somber music]
I took him to that party.
Is it true?
Is it my fault?
No. it's not your fault. Stacey.
[sighs]
Um...
um. I'll make a... statement.
Can you write it?
Sure.
What do you want it to say?
"My family and I are
saddened and in shock
after the revelations in
today's Vanity Fair article.
I empathize greatly with the
women who came forward.
and I admire them.
All I can say about Noah Solloway
is that he's been a good
father to our four children
and they love him.
I ask that people think
of these children.
respect our privacy
and not hold them responsible
for their father's actions."
Thank you.
[phone clicks]
[seagulls calling]
- Sasha?
- [Sasha] Yeah?
- Thank you.
- Yeah.
Um. she said she's gonna
put it out right away.
What does that mean? Put it out where?
Um. she's probably gonna get
in touch with Petra Ranes.
- Your publicist knows Petra?
- Yeah.
Sure. I mean. she was the one
that contacted everybody
about the original article.
So. now that it's all taken care of.
uh. should we put our phones away
and just try and relax a bit?
[faint. echoing] Please.
[slow. somber music]
♪♪♪
Do you want some wine?
Yeah.
- ♪♪♪
- [dialogue inaudible]
[sniffs]
[sighs]
- Ooh.
- [Sasha] Oh... oh...
- [chuckles] Sorry.
- It's just me.
[chuckles]
Whoa. Helen. your shoulders
are like bricks.
Yeah.
I guess I am pretty tense.
Hey. it's gonna be fine.
I've had my fair share of scandals.
and in my experience. if
they're handled correctly.
they'll blow over and...
no one remembers.
Thank you for helping me deal with this.
Yeah. Sure.
Can I run you a bubble bath?
[chuckles]
- Bubble bath?
- Yeah.
Actually. that sounds very nice. yeah.
- Thank you.
- Come on.
[woman on TV] ...and I have
known each other forever.
Our husbands grew up together...
[Helen] Hey. What happened to the movie?
- I was a bridesmaid in her wedding.
- [laughs]
- She wore pants. It was iconic...
- Yes.
- Oh. great.
- Um...
But. unfortunately. that's
not... not what we're
- going to talk about today.
- [Sasha] Um. what's this?
That's Eden Ellery.
Remember you met her
at Carolina's party?
Oh. yeah. Yeah.
[Busy Philipps] But Eden
is going through something
very public. uh. right now.
Something you might have heard about.
Something that maybe even some of you
have been through yourselves.
and I really. really
wanted to talk about it.
It was important.
Uh. in case you guys have
been off Twitter all day.
and if you have been. someone
explain to me how you do that.
- [chuckles]
- Um...
- [audience laughs]
- Eden was actually
one of a handful of
women that came forward
in Vanity Fair today. um. to talk about
some pretty traumatic experiences
of sexual harassment by Noah Solloway.
You guys remember Descent?
That book that was. like.
a huge hit. like. five years ago?
- [Eden] Ten.
- And you were his publicist?
- I was.
- And how old were you?
- Very. very young.
- Yeah.
[Busy] So. I guess one
thing that I want to ask.
just right off the bat. is:
Why did you choose now to come forward?
Oddly enough. I didn't even choose it.
I didn't go looking for
somebody to tell my story to.
Um. a reporter called me
and asked me point-blank
if Noah Solloway had harassed me.
- Mm-hmm.
- And honestly. Busy.
I just didn't feel like lying anymore.
- I'm too old for that.
- Yeah.
I've spent my entire career
lying to save the reputations of men
whose actions I privately deplored.
And so this time...
I just decided not to.
I decided to tell the truth.
[Busy] Right. So. on Twitter today.
there has been the inevitable chorus.
people coming out in Noah's defense.
saying that. you know.
the incidents happened
so long ago and there should
be a statute of limitations
or something. that. you know.
maybe these men can change.
[chuckles] And I know what
I personally believe.
But what do you think?
Does Noah Solloway
deserve a second chance?
[sighs]
I-I really don't think
it's for me to say.
I can only speak for myself.
and after that tour... I quit my job.
Because I didn't want to be
alone with a male client.
Yeah. I gave up a career
that I had spent...
years building.
And I felt ashamed.
As if somehow I had done
something to lead him on.
Um... and it wasn't even
until really recently
that I realized that that wasn't true.
- Mm.
- Right. It was not my fault.
So. I don't know what
has happened for Noah
in these last ten years.
But I do know. for me.
what he did. uh...
it does not feel like that long ago.
[Busy] Wow. Yeah. That is something
I think that most women can relate to.
Um. I'd like to read a
statement that came out
during the break from
Noah Solloway's ex-wife.
You guys. Noah Solloway's
ex-wife Helen is rumored
to be dating Sasha Mann.
who adapted Descent for the screen
and is also directing
and starring in it.
- It's a lot. I know.
- [laughter]
- Um... so anyway...
- Yeah.
...this is what Helen Solloway said
about the accusations.
"Noah Solloway is a good
father to our children.
I'd ask that people please
respect their privacy."
Mm-mm.
- [Busy] There you go.
- Hmm.
[Busy] I mean. to me. I'm...
- What about the rest of it?
- ...a little bit like.
- "What year is this. lady?"
- Um...
Like...
Wha...
Well. sometimes they
do that. Cut it short.
Yeah. are they allowed to do that?
- [sighs]
- Sort of like a nothing statement.
It's just surprising to me.
What did... Are you surprised?
Honestly. I'm not. I'm not.
Um. I met Helen a few times.
- She's very nice.
- Yeah.
- She's of a different generation.
- Right.
[Eden] And she's a lot older.
And she was a stay-at-home mom.
Right? She never had a job.
Her marriage was her whole life.
- And she worshipped Noah.
- Mm.
[Eden] Like. I'm talking.
even after he left her...
- Mm-hmm?
- ...she would show up
- at his book readings.
- Really?
[Eden] Yeah! That happened.
- [Busy] Oh. God.
- [Eden] It's... it's crazy.
Here's the thing. I don't
blame Helen Solloway.
I think she just didn't know
- who she was married to.
- Mm-hmm.
[Eden] And Noah. like
a lot of men his age.
and of his background.
is alarmingly good at
compartmentalizing.
[Eden] He can be actually a
good husband and a good father
and then still go out
in the world and...
pressure women he works with
to screw him in hotel rooms.
- [Busy] Mm.
- [Eden] And she probably had no idea.
- Honey. can you turn that off?
- [Busy] Yeah. I mean.
I don't remember the
specifics that led to...
- [TV clicks off]
- Mom?
Is it true?
[sniffles] No.
No. I was there.
I was on that book tour.
and I saw her. like.
flirting like crazy with your dad.
And... and now she's acting
like some coed virgin.
I don't... It's bullshit.
She's full of shit.
They're all full of shit.
[sniffles] And I didn't stay at home.
I worked. and I supported
your dad when...
And. you know. the only
reason I was there
was because Whitney was
looking at colleges. and I...
I'm sorry. I got to... I have to...
[somber music]
♪♪♪
[sighs]
I don't know what to do.
You're strong. and you're brave.
[sighs]
You'll get through it.
But. Helen. can I just say one thing?
I know you're trying
to protect your kids.
but I don't think it's a
good idea to lie to them.
It's not good for them.
I'm not lying to them.
Telling them that nice
lady is full of shit?
She is full of shit.
Noah said they never
even slept together.
And you believe him?
Yeah. I believe him. I mean.
why-why would he lie?
We weren't even married at the time.
But. I mean.
you're the one who told
me that they were fucking
throughout his entire book tour.
I mean. do you remember
that evening at Carolina's?
We met her. She was clearly
still traumatized by it.
What did you just say?
What?
How did that reporter
know how to find Eden?
What do you mean?
Eden was his publicist
over ten years ago.
and she just said that she
wasn't looking for this. so...
How did Petra know how to find her?
Because you told her?
You told her what I said.
Petra called me to
interview me about Noah.
so I told her what I knew.
Oh. my God. do you have any
idea what you've done?
[chuckles] Helen. I'm
not the bad guy here.
If there was no story. six women.
if there was no story.
this would not stick.
This was the right thing
to do for these women.
"These women"?
Noah's name is off the movie. his movie.
because that's what you wanted.
[scoffs] As usual. you've got absolutely
no idea how my business works.
This movie is my baby.
Uh. what about my actual babies?
They're real people. and they
have to live in the real world.
and they're gonna be scarred for years
because you wanted writing
credit for some idiotic movie?
Hey. this movie is gonna
be quite important.
Oh. my God. you got to
be kidding me. Stop.
[ringtone playing]
No.
No. you don't... don't get it.
Don't.
Helen. Helen.
[sniffles]
Hello?
Okay. I'm on my way.
Hey. kids. get your stuff. We're going.
[sniffles]
I'm gonna need your fucking car.
["Season in Hell" by Dum Dum Girls]
♪♪♪
♪ From shards of broken hearts ♪
♪ Tears from desert eyes ♪
♪ Something new is dreamed ♪
♪ Doesn't dawn look divine? ♪
♪ Lift your gaze ♪
♪ It's the end of days ♪
_
You're gonna need to calm down. ma'am.
This is just the way it is.
- I understand that.
- Do you see all these people
behind you? They were all on
the same canceled flight.
You're lucky we can rebook you at all.
And I appreciate that so much.
I'm just wondering if there's
anything to LAX a little sooner.
Please don't take that tone with me.
- I'm sorry. Um...
- Look. you can take the 5 p.m..
or you can risk it and fly standby.
- It's up to you.
- [phone chimes]
[suspenseful music]
Hello? Miss. what do you want to do?
- Uh. I'll take the flight.
- Okay.
Be at the gate an hour
before your flight.
You'll get reticketed then. Next.
Excuse me.
Sorry.
[mutters]
[whispers] Oh. my God.
[sighs]
[phone rings. stops]
Go away.
[phone chiming]
Stop.
[phone rings]
Oh. my God.
- [phone chiming]
- Stop.
[phone chiming]
- [phone rings]
- [sighs]
Go away.
[phone chiming]
[phone ringing]
[phone clicks]
Hello?
Yeah. I just saw.
Um. I'm... [chuckles]
I don't know how I am. actually.
No. I'm at JFK.
I've...
My flight was canceled. [chuckles]
Yeah. I'll be here for a while.
Really?
[somber music]
♪♪♪
Yeah. Yeah. sure.
Um... I'd love to come.
♪♪♪
Oh. love.
[sighs]
[liquid pouring]
[Furkat] Your father is
a massive prick.
You know that. right?
He is. isn't he?
Mm-hmm.
I keep thinking about my siblings.
- The younger ones.
- Ugh.
You remember Trevor and Stacey?
- Oh. absolutely.
- Well. they're still in school.
And... [scoffs]
Stacey's 12.
And now. any time anybody Googles them.
for the rest of their lives...
Or you.
Look. I promise you.
it's all gonna be okay.
And. hey.
you're still a bright.
beautiful young woman
with a massive future.
That hasn't changed.
How could he do this to us?
After everything he's
already put us through.
No. listen. listen.
Oh. God. this is gonna sound harsh.
but what's happening with
your father is inevitable.
You know? I've never met a man
who's quite so self-destructive.
so un...
careful.
And you have been wonderful
with him. darling.
You really have.
You've been the most diligent.
devoted daughter. but
sometimes. with toxic people.
you have to...
make a clean break. you know?
You have to save yourself.
I just spent a week with him in Montauk.
and he was amazing.
And I-I thought that he'd
turned a corner or something.
I-I thought that we would finally
be able to have a relationship.
What the hell were you doing
in Montauk in December?
You must have been fucking freezing.
Um. we were planning my wedding.
To who?
Uh. Colin.
He's my boyfriend.
Mazel tov!
Darling. that's fantastic.
Congratulations.
- Thanks.
- Oh!
Wow. Um...
Yeah. he's an... he's an
artist. too. actually.
No. You're kidding.
Well. wh-what sort?
Hang on. Do I know him?
Um. I don't think so. He's a painter.
- We met in art school.
- Well. then. why didn't you
bring him to the thing at
The Broad the other night?
I would have loved to
have met your fiancé.
That would have been a little
awkward. don't you think?
For you. maybe.
Is he any good?
Well. I. um...
He's very private about his work.
Ah. so he's tortured.
Oh. that's... that is so romantic.
- [glass clinks]
- [liquid pouring]
Young love.
We're actually just getting
married for a green card.
- Where's he from?
- [door opens]
- Ireland. He's Irish.
- [door closes]
Oh. You're still here?
[Layla] Oh. um. I'm sorry.
I didn't know if we were
finished working today
or if you were coming back.
So I thought I would wait.
No. I think I've got what I needed.
You can let yourself out.
[tense. atmospheric music]
♪♪♪
[door opens. closes]
How come you never asked me to model?
Huh? Oh. God. no.
You're too good for that.
You say that. but what does that mean?
Well. most of these girls
aren't very smart.
so modeling is a good gig for them.
But I want something more for you.
- More than...
- More than a body
that I manipulate for my art.
What about the other night. then?
[door opens]
- At the Chateau. when we...
- [door closes]
- When we what. Whitney?
- [elevator clanking]
Wasn't I just a body that you
could manipulate for your art?
You're-you're talking about
the night we made love.
[laughs]
Uh. we didn't make love.
You fucked me in front of your
rich friend to get him off.
Is that what you think happened?
It's not what I think happened.
I know that that happened.
- You whored me out.
- Okay. that's enough!
That's enough.
Now. um...
Listen to me. [exhales]
I know you're upset about what's
happening with your father.
You're angry and confused and
looking for someone to blame.
but. darling. don't
conflate those feelings
with what happened at the Chateau.
because that was absolutely
what you wanted.
That's not true.
That is not what I wanted.
Um. so why didn't you go. then?
Huh? For fuck's sake.
why didn't you bring your
fiancé to my opening?
I gave you a plus-one.
Andrea wanted to come.
Did you. um...
did you tell your fiancé
what happened between us?
Do you know what? If
I were you. Whitney.
I'd think long and hard
before making accusations.
You need friends right now.
What you should be worried about
is what's happening with your father.
Very worried. because it could
have severe repercussions
for your own career.
Now. I've been sitting here all day
since the article came out.
trying to think how I could help you.
And here's the thing:
Dashiell is opening a
gallery on 21st Street.
and he is planning to have
me as his inaugural artist.
and we had discussed
the possibility of you
curating my first show.
But if that's how you really
feel about him and me.
then perhaps we ought
to revisit that idea.
Why did you hit me in Paris?
[tense music]
♪♪♪
Hit you?
I didn't.
You did.
I remember.
[chuckles] Oh. Christ.
Ah. Whitney. I can see that
our little tiff in Paris
has got blown out of all proportion
inside your gorgeous little head.
But. darling. for something so dramatic
to transpire. there would
have to be passion
in the relationship.
and sweet as you are.
I never had those kinds
of feelings for you.
You should. um... you
should probably go.
You don't want to miss
your flight. right?
Okay. um...
Could you at least take
me to the airport?
I just... I don't really want
to leave things like this.
You know. I don't think
that's a great idea.
Um. it was probably a
mistake to invite you over.
I'm in a good place right now.
You know. I'm very...
productive.
I don't...
I don't want to get
trammeled in the past.
[sets down glass]
[slow. somber music]
♪♪♪
[sighs]
[cashier] Ma'am?
[keypad beeping]
[man speaking indistinctly over P. A.]
[sighs]
[indistinct chatter]
- Uh...
- [tense chatter]
- Um...
- Watch it.
[chuckles softly]
[indistinct chatter]
Excuse me.
- Okay. so you're on the flight.
- [Whitney] Hello.
I wasn't able to get you seats together.
- but you are on.
- Hi. Excuse me. I-I'm sorry.
- We talked about this earlier.
- Oh. yes. sir. you are also
- on the list. I'm gonna check...
- Excuse me. I'm actually...
- Excuse... Excuse me! Sorry.
- One second. Give me a moment.
- Excuse me.
- Hi. Uh. four hours ago.
you stood right there and promised me
that I would have a seat on this flight.
and now I don't see my
name. so how are we gonna
- solve this problem?
- I am so sorry.
- What's your name?
- Audrey Nelson.
- Let me take a look. Ms. Nelson.
- Thank you.
[Audrey sighs]
Sorry.
Sorry. Sorry.
Sorry. [chuckles softly]
Sorry.
[Audrey] Why are you sorry?
[chuckles] Oh. sorry.
[quiet. atmospheric music]
♪♪♪
[sighs]
Hey.
You're Audrey Nelson. right?
Yeah. Hey.
We went to school together. right?
I'm Whitney... Solloway.
Noah's my dad.
[chuckles] Hey.
I have an aisle seat in 23.
Do you want to switch?
We'd love to catch up.
Sure.
You girls have fun.
[seat belt clicks]
[scoffs] So. should I
tell the air marshal
to be on standby or...?
[chuckles] No. You're hilarious.
Hey. I was just actually
catching up with you on Twitter.
Congrats on the new memoir. by the way.
And. um. I just wanted
to say hi to the woman
who's ruining my family's life.
Uh. wow. [stifled laugh]
I was joking. but maybe I
should call the air marshal.
Look. here's the thing.
I have three siblings in school.
My mom's second husband just
died of pancreatic cancer.
My mom's dad has Alzheimer's.
My mom hasn't worked
in ten years so that she could raise us.
So we were all kind of counting
on my dad's book to come out.
You know. so my siblings
could stay in school.
Um. that's a lot.
Yeah. And I bet you never even bothered
to check whether he had kids
before speaking out
against him. did you?
Actually. I knew he had children.
Did you ever stop to think
how this might affect other
people. besides my father?
Yes. Whitney.
I thought about it long and hard.
and I decided that it was worth it.
Wow.
Look. I worshipped your father.
Okay? All I ever wanted
was to be a writer.
and I'd read Descent.
like. a dozen times.
so getting to study with
Noah Solloway was a dream.
So you're mad at my father
because he didn't live up
to your fantasies of him?
No. that's not it.
So. what is it. Audrey?
He didn't like your work?
He didn't even give my writing a chance.
He took one look at me
and decided he knew
how much I was worth before
he'd read a thing I'd written.
Why would he do that?
Because he didn't respect me. Whitney.
Well. maybe your writing
just wasn't very good.
Did you ever consider that?
[laughs]
Yeah. yeah. You're right.
At the time. it-it really wasn't.
I was very young when I
was in Noah's class.
and I was honestly desperate
for his guidance.
but he didn't evaluate my
work; he evaluated me.
He told me that I had no inner life.
Well. do you?
Everyone has an inner life.
What he meant was that I
didn't share his inner life
and that I wasn't trying
hard enough to hide that.
So. because I was writing about
being young and being female.
he assumed that I had
nothing interesting to say.
Have you ever experienced that?
I mean. look. it just sounds
like he was a shitty professor.
and I'm sorry that he
hurt your feelings.
but that's not a reason to
ruin his entire career.
- It's not?
- No.
Why not?
Why didn't you just drop the class?
I did. Well. actually. first.
I complained to my dean.
who told me that I needed
to grow a thicker skin.
So. then I dropped the class.
And it was a class that
I needed for my major.
so I dropped that. too.
And I stopped writing for three years.
and I went into a pretty
serious depression.
That's terrible. Audrey. but
that's not my father's fault.
So. whose fault is it?
I don't know.
I don't think it's anybody's fault.
I think it's just
something that happened.
Right. Okay. right.
That is exactly what I
thought. too. at the time.
But the truth is that the
way that Noah spoke to me.
the way that he treated me
confirmed my own worst
fears about myself.
Things that I had heard in one
way or another my entire life.
That I was worthless
and stupid and not hot enough.
just generally a waste of space.
And it really wasn't until I
started writing my memoir
that I even began to ask myself.
"Okay. why have I thought
this way all this time?
Why did I just assume
that the problem is me?
Why do I have to leave the class?
And why is the way that Noah
treated me considered normal?"
Think about it. Whitney. okay?
We give men like him
such unbelievable rope.
We will do anything...
Anything... to protect their egos
when they continuously and
carelessly destroy ours
without consequence.
I mean. why? Why does it
have to be like that?
I agree.
The world is a shitty
place. and it's not fair.
But I still feel like you're
using your private beef
with my father to promote
your book sales.
and that's just...
that's fucking bullshit.
Wow.
Someone really did a number on you.
Look. I've had tough experiences
with older men. too...
teachers. bosses...
But I'm adult enough to admit
that sometimes the problem
was just that I wanted to fuck
them and I shouldn't have.
Or I wanted them to fuck
me and they didn't.
Or maybe it's just that sometimes.
relationships between men and women
get weird and awkward.
and that's normal.
But that doesn't mean
all men should burn.
Mm-hmm. Okay.
I wanted to sleep with
your dad. You're right.
And. yeah. he didn't want
to sleep with me back.
and that hurt my feelings.
But. Whitney. when you want to
sleep with these older guys.
ask yourself. like. what are
you really attracted to?
Is it them. or is it their power
and their authority. their
agency in the world?
Like. how they can get
the kind of shit done
that you can only dream
of. and they do it
without even breaking a
sweat because the world
just offers itself up to
them on a silver platter.
Ask yourself. do you
really want to fuck them.
or do you want to be them?
Look. I'm sorry about your family.
I really am.
And. yeah.
I-I considered not speaking
up for this very reason.
'cause I thought... [sighs]
"God. what if my individual
trauma is not worth blowing up
anyone else's life in order to tell?"
But if we all do that.
if we all think like that.
then none of these stories
are ever gonna get told.
So. when does it become enough?
When does our need to tell our stories
become greater than their need
to preserve the status quo?
Is it when we're abused
or when we're raped?
Or is that even enough?
Because. honestly. it depends
on the man in question. right?
Really. what I'm saying is
that this is the problem.
We constantly debate whether we
even have the right to speak.
Like. we. we monitor what we
say and our choice of words.
And. oh. are we sitting.
or are we standing?
And. oh. we're... if we're sitting.
well. how are we sitting?
And if we're standing.
well. what are we wearing?
And are our voices pitched just right?
I mean. think about
the mental gymnastics
that you have to do in order
to just have a conversation.
And now imagine what it would be like
if we lived in a world where we
didn't have to do any of that.
Where we can just speak.
We're not the problem. Whitney.
They are.
All I want is just to live in a world
where we're not. like. weird
second-class citizens
whose first job is to
make men comfortable.
and then we'll be allowed to speak.
[sighs]
And. yeah. I think that your dad is
an impediment to that world.
And from what I read in that article.
I'm not the only one.
So... I felt that I needed
to say something. and I...
I just hope that you
can understand that.
[somber music]
♪♪♪
She lives.
I told you my flight was canceled.
Yeah. and then you went radio silent.
I've been worried about you. Whit.
I'm sorry. I'm so tired.
I had the craziest day.
I just need to go to bed.
- Wait a bit.
- Come on. Colin.
[sighs]
What's going on with you?
We barely spoke the entire
time you were in Montauk.
[exhales sharply]
Nothing's going on with me. Colin.
except for the fact
that my father just got
Harvey Weinstein'd. and my whole future
just got flushed down the toilet.
And I don't really think I owe
you anything at the moment.
Not even a conversation.
- I'm going to bed.
- I'm sorry. but you can't.
I know you've had a long day.
and I'm sure you're very tired.
but we have to talk.
You can't just disappear.
ignore my calls and texts.
That's not okay.
I'm about to be your husband.
for Christ's sake.
I can't do this.
You can't do what? Can't talk to me?
I can't marry you.
Okay.
Why not?
'Cause I fucked someone else.
[exhales]
Who?
Furkat.
The photographer?
We used to date back in New York.
What?
It only happened once.
That night at The Broad.
Were you with him today?
Yes. but nothing happened.
You don't have to believe me.
but it's the truth.
I believe you.
Do you love him. then?
No.
He's an asshole.
But clearly. so am I.
You should leave me. Colin.
We should break up.
If that's what you want.
Why isn't it what you want?
I guess I'd like to know
what's going on first.
If we can fix things.
Right.
Right. because. if we don't fix things.
you get deported.
Jesus!
Fucking Christ. Whitney.
is that really what you
think this is about?
- A green card?
- Isn't it?
I hate this godforsaken country.
I'd love to go home.
I'm not with you because
I need a green card.
I need a green card because I
fucking want to be with you.
[Colin sighs heavily]
[quiet. atmospheric music]
♪♪♪
[sniffles. sighs]
I'm sorry.
I know I'm an impossibly slow painter.
I wish I could just turn out work
like some of my peers. like Furkat.
an-and sell them for millions of dollars
and buy us a house.
I will get there someday. I know I will.
But just don't fucking
give up on me yet.
I'm so... I'm so sorry.
I'm sorry. I'm sorry.
I love you so much.
♪♪♪
- [knocking on door]
- [Noah] Whitney. you in there?
Whitney?
Oh. thank God.
What's up?
I'm sorry. uh. just showing up.
We didn't know where you
were. We were worried.
Oh. okay. well. I'm
fine. so you can leave.
No. I need to talk. I need to talk.
You've seen the news. right?
Of course.
Uh. look. it's terrible.
but I need you to know
there is... that article.
the allegations.
what those women are saying.
there is no truth in it at all.
Can I come in?
Please?
Um...
[clicks tongue]
Uh. Whitney. the-the real story is-is...
it's just much. much more complicated.
Look. that doesn't matter.
The point is. I'm your
father and I love you
and you don't need to worry.
because your mom and I. we're
gonna take care of this.
- How?
- What do you mean?
How are you gonna take care of it?
Well. we're gonna fight it.
You really think that's
such a good idea?
Well. what choice have I got?
I... we're not gonna let these women
ruin our lives.
I'm so tired. I have to go to sleep.
- No. okay. No. of course.
- I don't want to talk about it.
- I'm sorry. I'm sorry.
- Okay. Whitney. I understand.
- I just need you to know...
- Mr. Solloway. it's very late.
You should go.
Hi. Colin. Hi.
This is. uh. no disrespect.
This is just between me
and my daughter. okay?
She doesn't want to talk to you.
She just asked you to leave.
[loud knock on door]
- [sighs]
- Oh. my God.
Thank God. Whitney.
Oh. my God. we were
so worried about you.
[Whitney] Uh. okay.
- Well. I'm fine.
- Okay.
All right. listen. I need
to talk to everybody.
Okay? I just... I need
to... I just... I just...
I found something out. and
I need to tell all of you.
So. can we please just sit
down and talk? Please.
Okay. uh. uh...
all of this is my fault.
Everything that's happening
right now is my fault.
What?
Because Sasha wants writing credit
for your dad's movie.
And I... he...
he used something I said
that I should not have said.
and he gave it to a reporter.
and now she's using it
against your father.
But your dad didn't do anything wrong.
They're just spinning it.
Can you take Stacey and
Trevor for ice cream?
- Yeah.
- No. we're not children.
- I want to stay.
- No. please. I need you to go.
[Trevor] Sure. Yeah.
Ice cream sounds great.
Come on. Stace.
Hey. you sure you're okay?
- Yep.
- All right.
Let's go. guys.
Look. I'm not sure exactly
what I said. but I think
maybe it was that you and
Eden were sleeping together.
- Oh. Jesus. Helen.
- I'm sorry.
[Helen] I-I really can't imagine that he
would do something like
this. I'm really sorry.
Mom. why are you apologizing to him?
Because I fucked up.
How. exactly?
Uh. even if Sasha started it.
does that mean these women are lying?
Does that mean that Dad didn't do
the things he's being accused of?
You believe these women
over me? I'm your father.
Nobody's saying that they're lying.
I'm just saying that maybe
they're exaggerating
what happened to them.
- Why would they do that?
- For attention.
I mean. these things happen
on a spectrum. okay?
Like. what they're describing
is awkward. yes. and
uncomfortable. certainly.
It's not abuse.
And by calling it abuse.
you just turn women into victims.
And once you get older.
hopefully you will understand this.
Listen to yourself. Do you hear yourself
right now when you're talking?
He cheated on you. and he left you.
and he left all of us.
Why are you still defending him?
Because he's your father. and
you guys need your father.
Don't say that. This isn't about us.
This has never been about us.
- What is it about?
- You.
You could never let him go.
No matter what he did.
you forgave him for it.
That's not fair.
And it's not true. We got a divorce.
What more did you want from me?
I wanted you to condemn him.
I wanted you to admit to yourself
and to us what a shit he was.
so that maybe I would have an
opportunity to acknowledge
that that behavior wasn't normal.
So that maybe I wouldn't
go out looking for a guy
to hurt me the way that he hurt you.
That's what you think of me?
No. you don't understand.
This is all my fault.
None of it would have happened.
I mean. what those women are
saying. that's not... it's not
who your father is.
Mom. I believe them.
[tense music]
♪♪♪
He did it to me.
- [Noah] Whitney.
- What?
What are you talking about?
That night at Rodney Callahan's party.
When you got in the hot tub.
you didn't recognize me.
But I saw the way you look at women.
Like they're prey.
What is she talking about?
- [Helen] Noah. Noah.
- [shuddering]
What is she talking about?
Sync and corrections by btsix
www.addic7ed.com
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm